1316948820
AddEmailUniquenessIndex	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110922103646_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	class AddEmailUniquenessIndex 
AddPasswordToUsers	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110922131507_add_password_to_users.rb	class AddPasswordToUsers 
AddSaltToUsers	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110922153657_add_salt_to_users.rb	class AddSaltToUsers 
Application	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
CreateUsers	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110921131256_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
HtmlSelectorsHelpers	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/features/support/selectors.rb	module HtmlSelectorsHelpers
NavigationHelpers	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/features/support/paths.rb	module NavigationHelpers
PagesController	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	class PagesController 
PagesHelper	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/pages_helper.rb	module PagesHelper
SampleApp	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/config/application.rb	module SampleApp
User	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UsersController	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersHelper	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
WithinHelpers	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/features/step_definitions/web_steps.rb	module WithinHelpers
about	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def about
authenticate	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	    def authenticate(email, submitted_password)
change	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110921131256_create_users.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110922131507_add_password_to_users.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110922153657_add_salt_to_users.rb	  def change
contact	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def contact
down	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110922103646_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	  def down
encrypt	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	  def encrypt(string)
encrypt_password	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	  def encrypt_password
gravatar_for	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	  def gravatar_for(user, options = { :size => 50 })
has_password?	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	  def has_password?(submitted_password)
help	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def help
home	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def home
logo	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def logo
make_salt	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	  def make_salt
new	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
password	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	  attr_accessor   :password
path_to	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/features/support/paths.rb	  def path_to(page_name)
secure_hash	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	  def secure_hash(string)
selector_for	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/features/support/selectors.rb	  def selector_for(locator)
show	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
title	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def title
up	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110922103646_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	  def up
with_scope	C:/Sites/rails_projects/sample_app/features/step_definitions/web_steps.rb	  def with_scope(locator)
